add update for v5.1 (#352)
The-Strategy-Unit/nhp_project_information: project_plan_and_summary/model_updates.qmd

order: 5
---

# Update 2026/05/29

## v5.1.0

### 2047 horizon year now available

> The model allows users to select their 'horizon year': the year they wish the model to forecast up to. The model can forecast up to and including the 2047/48 financial year. The inputs app defaults to the 2041/42 financial year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model allows users to select their 'horizon year': the year they wish the model to provide results for. The model can be used to generate results for years up to and including the 2047/48 financial year. The inputs app defaults to the 2041/42 financial year.
```

Reviewer: Steven has suggested we avoid using 'foreacst' in terms of 'the model is a planning tool, not a forecasting one'. Not sure my wording is any better! Hopefully @AlisonJaneWright can comment too
